# Go API client for openapi

Welcome to the Hiarc API documentation.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientExperimentalCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./openapi"
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identifield by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:5000*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*FileApi* | [**CreateFile**](docs/FileApi.md#createfile) | **Post** /files | Create a File
*FileApi* | [**DownloadFile**](docs/FileApi.md#downloadfile) | **Get** /files/{key}/download | Download a File
*UserApi* | [**CreateUser**](docs/UserApi.md#createuser) | **Post** /users | Create a User
*UserApi* | [**GetUser**](docs/UserApi.md#getuser) | **Get** /users/{key} | Get a User


## Documentation For Models

 - [CreateFile](docs/CreateFile.md)
 - [CreateUser](docs/CreateUser.md)
 - [EntityBase](docs/EntityBase.md)
 - [EntityResponseBase](docs/EntityResponseBase.md)
 - [EntityResponseBaseAllOf](docs/EntityResponseBaseAllOf.md)
 - [File](docs/File.md)
 - [FileAllOf](docs/FileAllOf.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### AdminApiKeyAuth

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Hiarc-Api-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

Note, each API key must be added to a map of `map[string]APIKey` where the key is: X-Hiarc-Api-Key and passed in as the auth context for each request.


### JWTBearerAuth


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



